DDS: OpenVPN Integration V1.0.0 (#19811)
DataDog/integrations-core: openvpn/README.md

## Overview

[OpenVPN][4] is a free, open-source protocol that creates secure connections between devices over the internet. It's used to create virtual private networks (VPNs).

This integration enriches and ingests the following events:

- **Authentication Events**: Represents user login attempts, including successful and failed authentications.
- **Connection Events**: Represents instances when a client establishes or disconnects a VPN session.

> This integration seamlessly collects all the above listed logs, channeling them into Datadog for analysis. Leveraging the built-in logs pipeline, these logs are parsed and enriched, enabling effortless search and analysis. The integration provides insight into authentication and connection events through the out-of-the-box dashboards. Additionally, it includes ready-to-use Cloud SIEM detection rules for enhanced monitoring and security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration seamlessly collects all of the above listed logs, channeling them into Datadog for analysis. Leveraging the built-in logs pipeline, these logs are parsed and enriched, enabling effortless search and analysis. The OpenVPN integration provides insight into authentication and connection events through the out-of-the-box dashboards. Additionally, it includes ready-to-use Cloud SIEM detection rules for enhanced monitoring and security.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated as per suggestion

## Setup

### Installation

> To install the OpenVPN integration, run the following Agent installation command and the steps below. For more information, see the [Integration Management][5] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the OpenVPN integration, run the following Agent installation command and the steps below for log collection. For more information, see the [Integration Management][5] documentation.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated as per suggestion

> **Note**: This step is not necessary for Agent version >= 7.63.0.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Note**: This step is not necessary for Agent version >= 7.65.0.
```

Author: Have made the changes.

Reviewer: @iliakur is this integration not being released until Agent version 7.65.0? Just want to be clear on this thanks!

Reviewer 3: @aliciascott yup, not until 7.65.0

> **Note**: This step is not necessary for Agent version >= 7.65.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This step is not necessary for Agent version >= 7.65.0.
```
Do we know when `7.65` is coming out? We don't want to publish this until this version is released.

Author: @iliakur Can you please help here?

Reviewer: Thank you for confirming! I do see the `display_on_public_website` is set to false.

Linux command:

  ```shell
  sudo -u dd-agent -- datadog-agent integration install datadog-openvpn==1.0.0
  ```

### Configuration

#### Log collection

> 1. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. Enable it in `datadog.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. Enable log collection in your `datadog.yaml`:
```

       - type: tcp/udp
         port: <PORT>
         service: openvpn
         source: openvpn
      ```

      Note:
      - PORT: Port should be similar to the port provided in **Configure syslog message forwarding from openvpn server**.
      - It is recommended not to change the service and source values, as these parameters are integral to the pipeline's operation.

3. [Restart the Agent][1].

#### Configure Syslog Message Forwarding from OpenVPN Server

   - Please follow provided link steps to configure syslog over OpenVPN: [Configure syslog over OpenVPN][6] 

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][2] and look for `openvpn` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Logs

The OpenVPN integration collects Authentication Events and Connection Events.

### Metrics

The OpenVPN integration does not include any metrics.

### Events

The OpenVPN integration does not include any events.

### Service Checks

The OpenVPN integration does not include any service checks.

## Troubleshooting

### OpenVPN

**Permission denied while port binding:**

If you see a **Permission denied** error while port binding in the Agent logs, see the following instructions:

>    1. Binding to a port number under 1024 requires elevated permissions. Grant access to the port using the `setcap` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Binding to a port number under 1024 requires elevated permissions. 
```
This seems redundant here

Reviewer 2: Updated as per suggestion

      - Grant access to the port using the `setcap` command:

         ```shell
         sudo setcap CAP_NET_BIND_SERVICE=+ep /opt/datadog-agent/bin/agent/agent
         ```

      - Verify the setup is correct by running the `getcap` command:

         ```shell
         sudo getcap /opt/datadog-agent/bin/agent/agent
         ```

>          With the expected output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Example of the expected output:
```

Reviewer 2: Updated as per suggestion

         ```shell
         /opt/datadog-agent/bin/agent/agent = cap_net_bind_service+ep
         ```

         **Note**: Re-run this `setcap` command every time you upgrade the Agent.

   2. [Restart the Agent][1].

**Data is not being collected:**

Make sure that traffic is bypassed from the configured port if the firewall is enabled.

**Port already in use:**

If you see the **Port <PORT-NO\> Already in Use** error, see the following instructions. The example below is for PORT-NO = 514:

On systems using Syslog, if the Agent listens for events on port 514, the following error can appear in the Agent logs: `Can't start UDP forwarder on port 514: listen udp :514: bind: address already in use`.

> This error occurs because by default, Syslog listens on port 514. To resolve this error, take **one** of the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error occurs because Syslog listens on port 514 by default. To resolve it, use one of the following steps:
```

Reviewer 2: Updated as per suggestion

- Disable Syslog.
- Configure the Agent to listen on a different, available port.

**Troubleshooting OpenVPN Logs Not Appearing in Datadog**

> If you're facing issues with OpenVPN logs not appearing in Datadog, even after following all the setup steps, there's one more step you can try: **rebooting your system**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If OpenVPN logs are not appearing in Datadog after setup, try rebooting your system as an additional step.
```

Reviewer: Also do we want to ask customer to actually reboot their system here? Could they try restarting the service first?

Reviewer 2: Agree with your suggestion, so I have made the changes to recommend restarting the service.

Reviewer: that looks great thank you!
